.TH _PRINTF 1
.SH NAME
_printf - print to the standard output
.SH SYNOPSIS
int _printf(const char * format, ...)
.SH DESCRIPTION
The function printf produces output according to the format as described below.
Th function prints to stdout, the standard output stream.
.RS -11

.B Return Value
.RE
Upon successful return, the function returns the number of characters printed
(excluding the null byte). If an output error is encountered, the value -1
is returned.

.RS -11
.B Format Of The Format String
.RE
The format string is a character string, composed of zero or more directives:
ordinary char characters, which are copied unchanged to the output stream;
and conversion specifications, each of with results in fetching zero
or more arguments. Each conversion specification begins with the character %,
and ends with a conversion specifier.

The arguments must match the type of the conversion specifier. The arguments are 
used in the order of the conversion specifiers.

.RS -11
.B The Conversion Specifiers (%)
.RE

.B d, i
    The int arguments is converted to a signed decimal notation.

.B o, u, x, X
    The unsigned int argument is converted to unsigned octal (o), unsigned
    decimal (u), or unsigned hexadecimal (x and X). Lowercase letters are used
    for the x conversion, and uppercase for X.

.B c
   The int argument is converted to an unsigned char, and the matching character
   is written.

.B s
   The const char * argument is expected to be a pointer to an array of
   character type. Characters from the array are written up to (not including)
   the terminating null byte.

.B p
   The void * pointer argument is printed in hexadecimal. %p is
   used to print pointer addresses.

.B b
   The unsigned int argument is converted to binary.

.B r
   The const char * argument is expected to be a pointer to an array of
   character type. The array of characters prints in reverse.

.B R
   The const char * argument is expected to be a pointer to an array of
   character type. The array of characters is encrypted with the rot13
   encryption.

.B S
   The const char * argument is expected to be a pointer to an array of
   character type. Non printable characters (ASCII value of <32 or >=127) are
   written as '\x', followed by the ASCII code value in hexadecimal uppercase.